That's dormant. Think you know what it is? I'd be surprised if you did. Turns out the key to activating your mind's true potential is a tiny, egg shaped powerhouse sitting inside your brain. This brainwave is linked to genius abilities. Great ideas just come to you. You learn faster. Lucky things happen. Nasa studied this brainwave, but until now, we've ignored it. You won't find it on YouTube or Google or any books on Amazon, which is why we're going to activate it right now by using Doctor James River's safe, proven seven second brain trick. Just click the blue Watch Now button to see it now.

Have you ever met someone who always seems to get their way? You might sit there and think, what do they have that I don't? The truth is, it's not what they have or even necessarily what they do. When you get right down to it, it's not because they're any smarter than you. Smart people struggle all the time. It's not because they have special skills that you don't. Skilled people still run into obstacles. They may not even know what makes things work out for them, which should be your first clue that it's not something about them or you.

Why do some people just seem to be blessed? They seem so smart, so happy, so lucky. Why? Well, it's not because they have better genetics. It's because they've activated their genius wave. And we know this because Doctor Rivers seven Second Ritual is backed by research from major universities like Stanford and Yale. It works by connecting several regions of your brain together at the same time. You're in safe hands. Before Doctor Rivers began sharing this seven second ritual with Americans. He was a key contributor inside NASA's neuroscience program after training at Stanford.

The question is, how do you activate your brainwave? For centuries, we relied on hours of meditation to activate it. Until Doctor James Rivers, one of NASA's top neuroscientists, discovered a seven second method that activates it. He tested this method on a group of kids, and they scored at creative genius levels. Find out what they did and why their latent genius level intellect was unlocked. No meditating, manifesting, or book reading required. After leaking this method online, over 19,389 Americans changed their lives from listening to it. Here's your chance to download this brainwave trick for yourself before this page is taken down.

So join thousands of other Americans today by trying Doctor Rivers seven Second Ritual and activate your genius wave two. You've never seen anything like this. Just tap the blue Watch Now button below to try it now.