Do you work, the luckier you get, right? Wrong. New research shows money problems may have less to do with effort, and more to do with a stress signal that hijacks your brain, keeping the good luck and fortune flowing to someone else. Here's the truth gurus tell us to visualize and act as if. But if that were true, then everyone who followed the secret would be millionaires. But they're not. Because the Law of Attraction does nothing to stop this stress signal. So listen up. Eventually it will become harder and harder to get ahead, making you feel like you're drowning in debt no matter what you do. This is when something always comes up the car brakes, the medical bill or downsizing, and the next thing you know, you're burnt out and beyond broke, totally dependent on government to survive. But here's the good news top U.S. neuroscientist doctor Stephen Newton has made a startling discovery while studying the brains of over 650 rich, successful people, he was stunned to find a wealth brainwave that not only squashes the stress signal, but also helps the rich get richer. Like when billionaires go bankrupt, then make it all back faster than ever. More importantly, Doctor Newton revealed a simple nine word technique scientifically designed to boost this wealth brainwave, helping thousands unlock more money, luck and love regardless of their age or current condition.

Even 70 year old patients who felt cursed their whole lives are now feeling blessed to be enjoying life beyond their wildest dreams. That's why Doctor Newton backed a short, free video to share these powerful nine words with you, too. So tap the Watch Now button below and pay close attention because it reveals exactly how to help transform your family's future, even if you don't believe in manifestation. Remember, this doesn't involve any meditation, doctors, or expensive devices as this is something you can easily do from home. Thousands of people are already using this nine word technique and are reporting seeing their deepest desires come to life. Just imagine no more arguing over money, no more feeling trapped in a dead end job. No more passing this stress signal down to your kids. And best of all, drastically changing where you and your family live, shop, eat and travel. However, Doctor Newton is fighting some very powerful people to keep this video public, so it's uncertain how long this revealing video will remain available. It's time to say yes to what the universe has put in front of you. Tap the Watch Now button below before it's too late.